# Self-supervised Outdoor Scene Relighting

This is the implementation of the paper "Self-supervised Outdoor Scene Relighting". The model is implemented in tensorflow.

If you use our code, please cite the following paper:

    @inproceedings{yu20relightNet,
        title={Self-supervised Outdoor Scene Relighting},
        author={Yu, Ye and Meka, Abhimitra and Elgharib, Mohamed and Seidel, Hans-Peter and Theobalt, Christian and Smith, William A. P.},
        booktitle={Proc. of the European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV)},
        year={2020}
    }
    


## Evaluation

### Dependencies
To run our evaluation code, please create your environment based on following dependencies:

    tensorflow 1.12.0
    python 3.6
    skimage
    cv2
    PIL
    numpy

### Pretrained model

#### Relighting model
* Download our pretrained relighting model from: [Link](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1HG9U2a5baElJekpIjs9NxLH8L5oIH0nr)
* Make sure the model files are placed in a folder named "relight_model"

#### Sky model
* Download our pretrained sky generation model from: [Link](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1gvwDGFZN82C0Ankimoo1CXs9SveEezX1)
* Make sure the model files are placed in a folder named "model_skyGen_net"


### Test on time-lapse image pair
The following code performs relighting on a pair of demo time-lapse images, which are placed in "timeLapse_imgs" folders. It uses our pre-trained model to relight "2.jpg" by borrowing the illumination from "1.jpg". The provided mask map can be generated by PSPNet, which you can find on https://github.com/hszhao/PSPNet. The relighting image is saved as timeLapse_rendering.png.

```bash
python3 test_timelpase.py
```


### Relight image by time-lapse video
We demonstrate our performance by relighting an input image under illuminations captured by a time-lapse video. Inputs are stored in "timeLapse_illu". Again the mask file can be generated by PSPNet.

```bash
python3 test_timelpase_illu.py
```





